Implement XDG Base Directory Specification support (#63)
magicant/yash: doc/faq.txt

how to configure these variables in detail.

If you want to apply the same configuration every time you start yash, write

> the command in ~/.config/yashrc or ~/.config/yash_profile. You can also write
> to ~/.yashrc or ~/.yash_profile.

Reviewer: Since we are not going to support loading both rc files at the same time, I think it would be clearer to write:

```suggestion
the command in ~/.config/yashrc or ~/.config/yash_profile. The old locations
~/.yashrc and ~/.yash_profile are also supported as a fallback.
```

> ~/.yashrc and ~/.yash_profile are also supported as a fallback.

Author: I feel that this could have been worded better, however, I do not have a specific way I would like this explanation to be worded in mind.
